- Spring Data JPA is a game-changing framework
where we get better functionality while writing less code.
To use Spring Data JPA for a JPA entity,
we declare a Java interface class
that extends from CrudRepository,
where T is the domain type the repository manages,
and ID is the type of the ID of
the entity the repository manages.
So for a Tour we declare a TourRepository
that extends from CrudRepository,
then Spring Data JPA automatically provides
the methods to create, read, update, and delete Tours.
These are the provided methods
to create or update a Tour in the database.
These are the methods to delete Tours from the database.
And finally we have various methods
to look up Tours in the database.
For the TourPackage entity,
we see a TourPackageRepository
that extends from CrudRepository.
In this case the ID of the TourPackage is a string,
so these are the default methods to create,
read, and update, and delete a TourPackage.
So let's actually implement these repositories
in our project.
So we're in our code now and I'm going to create a new package.
We're going to call the package repo, short for repository.
We'll have an interface
and we're going to call it TourRepository.
We're going to extend it from CrudRepository.
And the first parameter will be Tour.
And the second parameter will be Integer.
Because the type of the ID of the Tour is an integer.
Now let's create the TourPackageRepository interface.
The first parameter is TourPackage.
And the second parameter is String.
Because that's the type of the ID of a TourPackage.